to prepare our ink
let's use the molten glass here that is 20
ml smas 200ml high case use the
something 90%
now it's time we already what it is
a county put a plastic
Why are we going to dirty wig lying by
who did not address the question over
a head or over support because
the ink drips and becomes lighter in the
root and darker in contention is good
so the best I've already asked the question is
let her lie down she was even above
of a plastic bag to not dirty everything
and wearing gloves because it looks dirty
we were even competing and spoke
let's put beyond the son
We're going to pilot it until we get off the plane.
paint and grandparents run around here like you
can see is the prolama orange now with
chestnut
so we'll have to repeat
new process
if you ever want to get stuck if we
we make nuts for the result
then personal then I want to grow with
first hand of the said ranking is
orange invoice castán with you are
seeing in the video and remembering that when
people arrived took everything until now leaves
very clean and now where will the
second hand
if you want brown any time
you will get this brown product is
more than not if you really want black
You'll have to go to the second hand of the
kibon same gesture the first goes
passing mexico mexico puts in the bag
the hymn
the same risk of wearing a wig
failed and waits